A round of doc fixes (#42)
redhat-developer/kam: docs/commands/README.md

> KAM binaries can be downloaded [https://github.com/redhat-developer/kam/releases/latest](https://github.com/redhat-developer/kam/releases/latest)

Reviewer: Should we get rid of the word "Pipelines" in the heading?

Author: I think so.   There are still quite a few occurrence of "pipelines".

Author: Probably not in this PR.

<medium><pre>

> Kubernetes Application Managemer (KAM) CLI tool to scaffold your GitOps repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes Application Manager (KAM) is a CLI tool to scaffold your GitOps repository
```
